Release 17.3.0 (#52626)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

TCP applications protected by Teleport as if they were on the same network.

### Improved GitHub Proxy enrollment flow

Teleport web UI now provides wizard-like guided enrollment flow for the new
GitHub Proxy integration.

### AWS Identity Center integration improvements

AWS Identity Center integration now supports using IAM authentication instead of
OIDC (useful for private clusters) and a hybrid setup that allows to use another
IdP as external identity source.

### Okta integration improvements

Teleport Okta integration now provides updated guided enrollment flow and will
allow updating integration settings (such as sync configuration or group
filters) without having to recreate the integration.

Note that the new enrollment flow uses OAuth authentication method instead of
API tokens. If the Okta integration is installed on v17.3 and the cluster is
downgraded the Okta plugin must be reinstalled to ensure proper functionality.

### Readiness endpoint changes

The Auth Service readiness now reflects the connectivity from the agent to the
backend storage, and the Proxy Service readiness also reflects its connectivity

> to the Auth Service API. In case of Auth or backend storage failure, the agents
> will now turn unready. This change ensures that control plane components can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the Auth Service API. In case of Auth or backend storage failure, the auth and proxy pods
will now turn unready. This change ensures that control plane components can be
```

Reviewer 2: I meant agents as in the teleport processes running auth or proxy but you're right, i'll change the wording.

excluded from their relevant load-balancing pools. If you want to preserve the

> old behaviour (the Auth Service agent or Proxy Service agent stays ready and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
old behaviour (the Auth Service pods or Proxy Service pods stay ready and
```

> old behaviour (the Auth Service agent or Proxy Service agent stays ready and
> runs in degraded mode), you can tune the readiness setting to become unready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
old behaviour (the Auth Service pods or Proxy Service pods stay ready and
run in degraded mode), you can tune the readiness setting to become unready
```

* Added Oracle join method to web UI provision token editor. [#52599](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52599)
* Added warnings to VNet on macOS about other software that might conflict with VNet, based on inspecting network routes on the system. [#52552](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52552)
* Added auto-importing of Oracle Cloud tags. [#52543](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52543)
* Added support for X509 revocations to Workload Identity. [#52503](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52503)
* Git proxy commands executed in terminals now support interactive login prompts when the `tsh` session expires. [#52475](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52475)
* Connect is now installed per-machine instead of per-user on Windows. [#52453](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52453)
* Added `teleport-update` for default build. [#52361](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/52361)
* Improved sync performance in Identity Center integration. [#6102](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport.e/pull/6102)

> * Delete related Git servers when deleting GitHub integration in the web UI. [#6101](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport.e/pull/6101)

Reviewer 2: Should we remove the links to `teleport.e` PRs?
